[Music]
I want to start off with saying that
this is my journey it is my experience
this is how I felt and feel right now
I've been vegan for four years almost
and I'm not vegan anymore and I'm gonna
tell you why I went vegan because of
health reasons I felt better I felt
energetic I was stressing less about the
little things in my life and learning so
much about the world how things were
made how our food was made learning
about the agricultural industry is
learning more about health in general
and our bodies
I had more anxiety than I ever had
especially in this first half of this
year I have more and more negative
thinking patterns which got the deeper
and deeper and I got into them very
easily
I had episodes of binge eating a lot
like I never had them before before I
was vegan I didn't haven't them as
severe as I did when I was vegan
I also perched not because I wanted to
be thin I didn't I don't think it was
anorexia or bulimia I've no idea but I
purged foods out of my body because I
felt that they were toxic inside of me
like I didn't want that digesting in my
body my skin progressively got worse so
it got better in the first two years
never really completely as great this
year especially in the beginning of this
year I remember it got so bad
got really big bumps that was the time
that I also didn't film that much they
don't want to flog myself with these big
hits on my face I just kept on breaking
out in my jaw line in my chin like never
before it didn't stop I got I get this
big get these big bumps underneath my my
skin and they would just not disappear I
would get them in my neck again I didn't
know how to solve that my hair kept
spinning and not getting thicker I
thought my hair would grow thicker and
more luscious after going vegan but
before I was vegan my hair was thicker
and my hair was better texture my hair
didn't split as much as it does now I
noticed especially in this this year
that my skin is getting drier and drier
as much as I was trying to eat my fruits
because they are so healthy for you I I
really did not like to eat them anymore
I couldn't eat more than two bananas in
my smoothie because I would get itchy I
would get itchy and my
around this part of my body especially I
would get these little little tiny bumps
that weren't really sits and I got cold
hands and cold feet all the time and a
cold nose and cold lips I was also being
so judgmental in the beginning of my my
journey I judged people for not eating
in the same way that I did like
everything revolves around food I
started to get very negative about my
body image I also lost my period for
four months which I will do a video
about after every meal I birthed birth
birth i it was so strange this list goes
on and on I remember the muscles in my
thighs were a lot bigger and stronger
before going vegan my teeth were more
sensitive and I got joint aches in the
last six months and I felt it definitely
went squatting and doing those things
and I followed so many strange people on
YouTube and followed their advice there
were a lot of girls girls which I in the
years have stopped on following because
they were always so negative negative
about their body images image always
talking about how they felt depressed or
that they were binge eating and
overeating having all kinds of disorders
and eating disorders and I also felt
like I needed to detox constantly for
feeling bloated or I had acne or when I
ate something really bad or I felt like
[ __ ] like I wanted to constantly cleanse
my body I ate an egg and I literally
felt better and this is no joke I also
thought those ex vegans on YouTube were
crazy the Auryn
how can you feel instantly better from
just eating me an egg but now I
experienced it myself
I just felt amazing right away after
within three days I just had a constant
smile on my face I was so happy I had
zero negative thoughts I didn't went
into a negative thought cycle once and I
really couldn't stop thinking about
eating some
meet which was strange and this is me
just observing myself right so I'm not
just saying this to to trigger someone
or two makes vegans feel bad or anything
this was how I felt and this is almost
after four years of being completely
vegan I have never eaten a piece of meat
in that time again I never ate a boiled
egg I never had milk cheese none of that
I noticed that my body needed fat a
little period before I stopped eating
feeding and I ate more avocados I ate
more salads green juices and I left out
the fruits because I didn't felt good
anymore on fruits and I did felt a
little better but not as good as after
eating that organic egg since the first
of August now it's now the 5th of August
I have no bloating at all my stomach is
as flattened just to say it I ate a
chicken salad with more chicken than
salad I feel so say she ate it I'm not
thinking about what I'm gonna eat next I
feel good and I didn't overstuffed
myself what I always used to do also on
a vegan diet I would always be
constantly eating eating until I was
completely full until like I felt the
food coming back up my throat again so I
feel like I was missing something
especially in the last year as if I was
missing something and I didn't know what
because I was always stuck in that vegan
paradise I feel happier I'm not
struggling to be happy or to stay
positive I'm not doing that extra hard
work to stay happy because I'm a I'm a
really optimistic person
I'm very energetic and I love life and I
want to live my life but I was
struggling so hard to stay like that and
these bumps of acne reduced right away I
just have one bump underneath the
service and two
new bumps on top of my skin the rest of
the bumps in my jawline are gone in five
days gone within the first three days
from the first of August to the third of
August I lost more than two kilograms
which I don't know I feel brainwashed
I earthlings for example and it it hurt
I cried when I watched that because no
nobody no human wants to see that or see
that to be done on an animal no one
wants that and instead of trying to go
vegetarian first I went completely vegan
instead of trying to maybe eat organic
animal products from high quality not
from that agricultural business
I just went vegan right away I had to go
vegan because I didn't want to be a
cruel mean person but now I know you're
not a cruel mean person you're not a
murderer
for eating meat dairy or eggs
evolution